basel has been co services is a company
which is a little over 40 years old
we are based in the region of
broke into producing exactly your
company has 115 employees who are
spread over two poles one pole
of activities that employs more or less 40
people who is dedicated to delivering
So on-site services for 2 key go
customers and the rest of our employees
so a little over 70 employees who are
present here at the manufacture of
pallets
this
we realize all types of pallets and
of wood packaging in a more fashion
general therefore of the standard pallet of
the range standards and a palette europe
at the bnf pallet cp but we realize
also becker this garter stitch
the car for example and palox
so for the agricultural world
we work in many ways a
automated way so with lines
automatic assembly lines that
manufactures standard pallets and
work also have a manual way
on everything that can be series
atypical or information does not allow
a machine assembly or also
pallets for which the commandments
accounts and not important enough
will we say that in order to allow
a machine assembly so we are so
of bohan this drummer to drink us
therefore work with
many sources of supply
who are still for the most part
located in europe western europe
since we work mainly
with france belgium and
germany
it's a company called ea companies
adapted the particularity of this label
flat and ss is that we use
employees who all have a disability
so all these people have received
formations there allowing for power
exercise their profession in the best
of the respective competence and so of
flourish in our company
we are very vigilant about the aspect
sustainable development and we
only work with suppliers who
are labeled pfc